# **1) Just a thinking list :

- Public interest dating app :
	It could be useful to fight against the demographical decline in our countries, the loneliness suffering, mismatches due to the financial and private interests in dating apps.
	This tech could includes : ID verification, a 50/50 women/men rates; pictures verification by AI; a waiting list to keep the rate; a privacy of what is said; in case of absence period an automatic ban to keep the app alive; a report section for all sexual content; the purpose is to help people get to know each other and go on date. Some questions remain unanswered : What to do with the no-match people active (ban ? seduction/education formations to improve their chance ? physical or workout coaching ?  ALL this thing can be supported by public schemes ?) VERY INTERESTING PROJECT / MAYBE GAME CHANGER. How to finance it, maybe public subventions but it will never be suffisant. My redline is "no buying or advertising in app" the purpose is to have a self-suffisant system relying on constent ressources and efficient for society.
	
	Nb : Problems are risk of slowly eugenic transition by states / economical schema is hard (it's a big gambling or need an association status) / the 50-50 can be seen as an indirect discrimination / a lot of data analysis and storage that can be RGPD unfriendly. The solution could be to try it on a local city or a international company (many people, doesn't know each other) temporary to test limits and find an embryonic compromise. Or trying in a less regarding country on citizens data.
- 